gdal raster compare: add --metric=diff/RMSD/PSNR/all/none; Add 'gdal mdim compare' (#14821)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdal_mdim_compare.rst

.. _gdal_mdim_compare:

.. program:: gdal_mdim_compare

================================================================================
``gdal mdim compare``
================================================================================

.. versionadded:: 3.14

.. only:: html

    Compare two multidimensional datasets.

.. Index:: gdal mdim compare

Synopsis
--------

.. program-output:: gdal mdim compare --help-doc

Description
-----------

:program:`gdal mdim compare` compares two GDAL supported datasets and
reports the differences. In addition to reporting differences to the
standard output, the program will also return the difference count in its
exit value.

As a convention, the first dataset specified as a positional argument, or through
:option:`--reference`, is assumed to be the reference/exact/golden dataset. The second
dataset specified as a positional argument, or through :option:`--input`, is the
dataset compared to the reference dataset.

> Currently only values of arrays are checked. There is also a byte by

Reviewer: I'm not sure that I understand this: other than the data (array values I suppose) what else could lead to a binary difference? Metadata?

Author: > Metadata?

yes, we don't check attributes for now for example.

> byte comparison done which will count as one difference. So, if it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
byte comparison done which will increase the difference counter by 1. So, if it is
```

Author: fixed

only important that the GDAL visible data is identical, a difference
count of 1 (the binary difference) should be considered acceptable, or you

> may specify :option:`--skip-binary` to omit byte to byte comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may specify :option:`--skip-binary` to skip the byte to byte comparison.
```

Author: fixed
